Good enough
Grandfather Xie Huang
But
The princess entered the jade butterfly
It's useless for my aunt to agree
The emperor agreed
Are you okay?
No wonder you agreed so quickly.
I can't be the master.
Auntie hasn't blamed you yet
How can marriage be a big deal?
So child's play
Hahaha, it's alright.
Don't be bitter.
aunt
Give you a good thing
This is Kazuo's right view
Just like my aunt
Wait for my aunt's half will
If the King of Chu bullies you in the future
Just take me to dominate
Well, thank you grandfather for your grace
Girl, some roads seem to be full of thorns
But passing this part is the smooth road
But don't give up too soon.
The road is smooth
I'm afraid I didn't take a few steps
I was beaten to death first
Ah, this Princess Chu still doesn't do it
Hey
Goodbye, Mom.
Tonight I will be forever
Come back so late
Did you get into trouble again?
Not only did I not get into trouble
The emperor's grandfather is missing a baby from me
What!
Dangdang Dangdang
Do you know what this is called?
It's called a jade belly cover.
He said that he can beat you without asking the reason.
What's that?
Huangzu is too much